knowing how to optimize LinkedIn
conversation ads is becoming more
important than ever ever since LinkedIn
started rolling out the focus inbox
advertisers across the board have been
reporting drops in performance because
their conversation ads aren't getting
read this is basically the equivalent of
Gmail's primary versus promotions view
but on LinkedIn it's focused and other
where all of the promotional messages
are getting put automatically into the
other bucket versus that primary focused
view I'm Sylvia Perez and in today's
video I want to talk about how you can
optimize your LinkedIn conversation ads
to drive the most pipeline in Revenue
with these focused inbox changes and if
you're not familiar with conversation
ads and you haven't gotten your first
campaign up off the ground then go ahead
and check out the last video I made
which I'll link in the description below
where I walk you through how to actually
get started with conversation ads from
building your audiences to actually
creating your first message so with that
let's get into the video now you can fix
what you can't see and there are three
key metrics that you're going to want to
look at very frequently in order to
understand where you need to focus on
optimizing your conver conversation ads
now the first one is your open rate this
is of the people that received your
message how many actually opened it the
second one is your click to open rate so
of the people that actually open your
message how many of them actually
clicked on your buttons to open up your
offer within the message and then the
third one is your conversion rates of
the people that open that clicked how
many actually completed your form
whether that's a legion form or went to
your landing page and completed the form
whatever that conversion point is for
you how many of them actually took that
action for whatever you're promoting in
your conversation at now the order
matters your message must get first
opened and that's going to be even
harder now with the focus inbox so your
message must get opened and then it must
be clicked on the buttons within the
message and then finally somebody asked
to actually convert through your
conversation ad whether that's through
whatever offer type you're promoting so
this is the order of operations that
you're going to want to prioritize when
you're thinking about how do I fix my
conversation ads if you're not happy
with the results that you currently have
if you have pop into the LinkedIn ads
manager and you adjust your columns to
sponsored messaging this is where you're
going to be able to see your open rate
click to open rate and then your
conversion rates and these are the three
primary metrics you're going to look at
to optimize your conversation ads when
it comes to your open rate you want this
as high as possible when conversation
ads didn't have the focus inbox my rule
of thumb was always 50 and greater open
rates that's what I was striving for now
post Focus inbox I'm trying to keep it
as close to 50 as I can but this is
going to vary dramatically based on the
audience that you're targeting the size
of that audience the industry that
you're going after this is all going to
be different on a per industry basis so
don't get you know caught up with
benchmarks in the sense of if I'm saying
try to be as close to 50 as you can and
you have an open rate of 30 and you can
never ever get it past 30 despite you
trying to do everything possible you
know sometimes it just kind of is what
it is and despite the open rates being
impacted the way they have been with
focused inbox changes the cost per send
on a conversation ad is still relatively
cheap you know ranging between 45 cents
and a dollar at the time of this
recording so you compare that with a 15
30 cost per click for a sponsored image
ad and it's still a great way for you to
get your message out there and to create
a personalized experience so with that
try to really focus on refining your
target audience if you do have low open
rates really make sure that that message
is landing in front of the right inbox
the other thing you can do as well is
test different senders of who the
conversation at is coming from and if
you want some more best practices on
choosing the right sender then
definitely check out this video that I
made here as I go into detail on that
but you want to make sure that the
sender is relevant to the receiver so
that way they're more inclined to open
it and then finally you're going to also
want to make sure that you're testing
the first line within the conversation
ad as that is a little bit of a preview
and now with this focused and other
inbox it would be interesting to see how
much of an effect and how important that
is in terms of trying to make your
message actually get read and opened as
you know now we have to jump through
some more hurdles to get that attention
than before once you've reviewed your
open rates and you're making sure that
people are actually opening the message
now it's really important to focus on
your click to open rate to make sure
that of the people that did open your
message how many of them are actually
interacting with your different buttons
this is even more important now as less
people will be opening your message as a
default with this Focus inbox change so
making sure that you have a high click
to open rate is critical as far as the
general rule of thumb of what I try to
follow is I've seen click to open rates
range from one percent on the low end to
12 on the high end I try to aim for a
click to open rate of greater than three
percent if I have a click to open rate
less than three percent that's usually
assigned to me that my message needs a
lot of work in terms of of improving
your click to open rate I really
recommend that you focus on improving
your message one and your message two if
you have a massive conversation at flow
with multiple buttons and you know cross
cells and down cells where if somebody
doesn't sign up for a demo then you're
doing some sort of you know free trial
and then some sort of gated content you
have this whole system in place I've
been there and done that myself I really
recommend that you check your flow chart
out if you go into your conversation at
in the ad section and you click on your
ad you can select flowchart and you can
see where are individuals dropping off
when they're interacting with your
conversation ad and it's really
insightful the long story short in my
experience is after analyzing hundreds
of conversation ads for different B2B
clients no one really makes it past the
second message it's very very few folks
that will actually go to a third message
let alone a fourth or a fifth message so
truly I try to keep my conversation at
messages as short as possible and I
really focus my energy attention on
making sure my message one is as crisp
and dialed in as possible and then my
message too is really strong as well
because that's what people are more
likely to see so when it comes to
improving your conversation ad to get
that thing clicked you got to make sure
that your message is formatted properly
that you are creating spacing and you're
creating separation you want to avoid
blocks of text you want to make sure
that you are using those Dynamic macros
for personalization where you can pull
in people's first name you can pull in
people's company name things like this
you're going to want to make sure that
you're using emojis to create
personality into the message you're
going to want to make sure that using
companion banners and images to also add
more to the message so all of these
things are going to be critical for you
to make sure that that click to open
rate is much higher so really dialing in
the message and if you want more
information on how to create and write
your LinkedIn conversation ads then
check out that LinkedIn conversation
that's tutorial that I made which I have
in the description box down below where
I show you exactly how to write LinkedIn
conversation ads that actually convert I
hope you're finding this video valuable
if you wanted more B2B advertising
content then I highly recommend that you
check out adconversion.com and you join
the newsletter where you're going to get
sent two to three actionable tips on
paid ads every single week over a
thousand plus B2B marketers have already
joined and I would love to have you
there let's get back to the video now
that you know people have opened your
message because you're looking at your
open rate you know people are clicking
your message because you analyzed your
click to open rate now the final metric
is your conversion rates if you notice
that not enough leads are coming through
not enough signups are coming through
for whatever it is you're promoting then
there's three key things that I really
recommend that you test with to try to
get that conversion rate to increase
number one is obviously the offer itself
you know after a certain point if people
are just not interested in what you're
giving them it is what it is and you got
to go back to the drawing board but in
addition to the offer I highly recommend
testing how you're presenting the offer
the offer type so are you you using a
legion form or a landing page if you're
currently using a landing page and
you're not driving enough conversions
and you have a low conversion rate then
I highly recommend that you try a legion
form and with the legion form you can
capture that that existing person on the
channel so that way you can reduce the
friction and they don't have to go to
your web page and then convert now if
you're curious and you're worried about
quality and and making sure that you're
getting the right people filling out
your legion form then check out this
video that I created on how to improve
your lead quality from LinkedIn
conversation ads and in that video I'll
walk you through some things that you
can do but the short end of it is you
want to make sure that your audience
targeting is on point and then you can
use different custom questions within
your legion form to make sure that the
right person is converting so don't let
that be a factor from stopping this test
outside of the offer type the other
thing you can do as well is go ahead and
test different required Fields so if you
are using a legion form or you are using
a landing page can you reduce use the
amount of required fields to reduce the
friction so that way more individuals
can actually convert and complete that
action that you're asking them to do and
then finally if you are offering some
sort of incentive in your conversation
ad so let's say you're trying to drive
demo requests and you're offering some
sort of gift card then go ahead and test
different price points within the
incentive and see if that has a
correlation with conversion rates so if
you're offering an incentive for fifty
dollars does offering it at fifty five
dollars sixty dollars actually impact
your conversion rates and is there a net
gain in terms of the incentive value and
the amount of additional conversions
that you get by offering that higher
incentive also if you're not offering
gift cards maybe just trying a new type
of incentive so if you are doing gift
cards can you switch it up that's
getting really saturated can you try
something completely different that
people are not used to and it's valuable
in the eyes of your receiver so these
are all different things to take into
consideration to try to optimize and
improve your conversion rates if that is
the thing that's preventing you from
getting the results that you want with
your LinkedIn conversation ads I hope
this video was valuable and now you feel
empowered to understand exactly what to
look at to know where the bottleneck is
with your conversation ads so you can
optimize performance if you can give
this video a thumbs up that'll help me
out a ton again go ahead and check out
these two videos here to learn more
about improving your conversation at
performance I think we'll get a ton out
of it subscribe to my channel for future
uploads and if you want more content
around B2B advertising then go ahead and
check out adconversion.com and join 1000
plus B2B marketers in the ad conversion
newsletter we're gonna get sent two to
three actionable tips on paid ads every
single week thanks again for watching
I'll see you in the next video take care